[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief".
I'm George Noory,
and I am still amazed
at the caliber of guests we
bring you on "Beyond Belief".
And we've got that
with you today.
Georgina Cannon, noted author,
"The Third Circle Protocol"
is her latest book.
She's a hypnotist, a
past life regressionist.
And today on the
program, we're going
to talk with you about life
after death, relationships,
and maybe--
time permitting-- she
will hypnotize me,
and we'll see what happens.
Is that a possibility?
You really can do that?
>>GEORGINA CANNON:
Maybe, we'll see.
>>NOORY: We'll see what happens.
>>CANNON: We'll
see what happens.
It'll be fun.
>>NOORY: What-- what is
a hypnotist and past life
regressionist, anyway?
>>CANNON: A
hypnotist is a person
who is able to facilitate
others and themselves
into a state of hypnosis,
which is like an altered state.
It's the zone, if you like.
It's the alpha brainwaves, the
same brain waves as meditation
that bypasses the conscious
mind to access the subconscious.
Subconscious, as you
know, is our blueprint.
So if you're going
to make change,
you need to get
into the blueprint.
And that's what hypnosis does.
>>NOORY: And being a
past life regressionist?
>>CANNON: I use it to
get into past lives.
Past lives are a
wonderful tool so that we
can learn to better this life.
I believe it's only a tool.
I don't believe it's woo-woo.
I think it's a tool that we
use to understand who we are,
and how we are, and the patterns
we bring in with us that
help us live this life fully.
>>NOORY: Are you convinced
that the past lives
that you pick up from people
after you put them under
are real?
Or are they making
these things up?
>>CANNON: I don't believe
you can make up emotions.
And most-- I would say
80% of the past lives
include some emotion of some
sort-- either joy or sadness,
fear, sorrow, you
can't make that up.
And they're so impactful
that they make a difference.
When someone comes back into
today, they say, oh my god.
Now I know why I
have a fear of water.
Or now I know why I keep
choosing people like I do.
>>NOORY: Or, I have
this mole on my face.
>>CANNON: Yeah, or
scar on my back.
>>NOORY: Chances are,
that carries through.
>>CANNON: Yeah,
yeah, Yeah, yeah.
>>NOORY: How many past lives
can an individual have?
>>CANNON: In my case,
probably eight or nine.
But I'm sure there's many
more, I'm sure there is.
>>NOORY: And they could be lives
that last full term, right?
80, 85 years old, or
they could be-- maybe
they died early in birth,
or who knows, right?
>>CANNON: And they can also
come from other planets,
but not necessarily.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>CANNON: Oh, yes.
They don't necessarily
come from this planet.
>>NOORY: Are you
convinced that it's real,
that past lives are real?
>>CANNON: You know, the media
asks me that all the time.
Ultimately, it's the information
that you get that matters.
Even if it's a metaphor
that your brain is giving
you to give you information and
understanding about your life,
I think that's the
most important thing.
So whether you were the Queen of
Sheba, or King Henry the VIII,
or a farmer, then you
learned about the value
of family or trustworthiness--
>>NOORY: --or a
poolboy like I was.
>>CANNON: [LAUGHING] Are
we talking this life,
or a previous life?
>>NOORY: Previous
life, not this life.
This life, I was
never a poolboy.
>>CANNON: It doesn't matter.
It's what you learn
from it that matters.
>>NOORY: Are you convinced
that there is life after death?
>>CANNON: Yes.
I believe that we're
part of nature.
I believe that we
recycle, if you like.
It's the original
recycling program.
>>NOORY: I had a case
where a friend of mine
died in a motorcycle
accident, Georgina.
And I went to the funeral.
I hate those places.
I just don't like them.
But we were there.
The casket was open and
everybody was looking at him.
And I had just seen
him a week before that.
And he was very much alive.
And now, there's this
cadaver lying in this casket,
stiff as a board.
And for some reason, it hit
me that that's it for him.
It's over.
There's no life after
death, and he's in this box,
and his life is done.
And it was a very cold, stark,
very uneasy feeling that I had.
It lasted just a few minutes.
And then, I snapped out
of it again and realized
that there is life after death.
There's more to this existence
than we can even imagine.
And I felt OK again.
But to believe that life
after death does not exist
is a very cold feeling.
>>CANNON: Well, people
who work in hospitals
who see people
dying, they actually
feel the soul leave the body.
And--
>>NOORY: We've had
stories about it.
>>CANNON: Yeah, as you know.
It's even been
photographed, I believe.
>>NOORY: The body
has even lost weight
after death, which is weird.
>>CANNON: Yeah, yeah.
And understandable.
We're no different
than a flower that dies
and the seed goes into
the earth and grows again.
It's all the same.
>>NOORY: Our old
friend, Deepak Chopra,
was interviewed on CNN
about life after death.
>>KYRA PHILLIPS: So is
there life after death?
>>DEEPAK CHOPRA: Is
Yes.
I think you have to understand,
though, who is surviving.
Who are you?
If you're the formless
void that is constantly
experiencing yourself
as form, yes,
your memories, your desires--
your karma, shall we call it--
and don't get
fooled by this word.
Karma just is
input/output, right?
If I eat a banana, my body
responds in a certain way.
If I have coffee, I
respond in a certain way.
If I ingest a toxin, it
responds in a certain way.
If I am subject to
anger or hostility,
it responds to a certain way.
So it's input, and it's output.
That's all karma is.
The input and output that
your consciousness experiences
creates memories and desires.
And these memories and desires,
and the sum of input and output
we call karma, is what recycles
like a spiral in the direction
of higher consciousness.
The ultimate goal is being one
with our source, with our God.
>>NOORY: So he really didn't
explain too much about life
after death, which
the interviewer looked
a little baffled by that.
So I'll ask you.
How do you think, and
why do you believe
there is life after death?
>>CANNON: I believe that
we are more than this--
this.
If we were just this, we
would live differently.
We would interact with
each other differently.
the earth differently.
We would not have a
consciousness of a higher self.
When we meditate or when we
go into an altered state,
we reach part of
ourselves that has
nothing to do with the body.
And even those people who have
had near-death experiences--
and you know them very
well, because you've
interviewed many.
If we didn't have
a life after death,
that wouldn't be explained.
Now, there's some scientists
who say it's just chemistry
that happens in the brain.
That's been disproven.
That is beyond that.
>>NOORY: And some say
religions do it to force
us to be under their control.
>>CANNON: Yes.
Well, that's a whole other--
>>NOORY: That's a
different argument.
>>CANNON: That's a
whole other thing.
Now, I mean, Deepak is one of
my heroes, as a matter of fact.
But the thing about karma
is very interesting.
Karma, I believe,
is like a library.
And I always suggest to
my clients and my students
that we use it as a
study hall, not a home.
So don't blame karma.
Don't blame your
mother for things.
Don't blame your boss.
Don't blame karma.
>>NOORY: Blame yourself.
>>CANNON: Well, not
even blame, but own it.
If karma gives you a hand
of cards to play with-- you
come into this world
dealt with karma.
You've got a hand of cards.
How you play those
cards is up to you.
That's, in my mind,
what karma is.
So it's a gift
that you're given,
and if you use it
to your benefit
to learn from, to overcome, if
necessary, then you'll grow.
If you don't, then you become
a victim instead of a hero.
>>NOORY: Sometimes
you're dealt a blackjack.
Other times, you're not.
It all depends.
>>CANNON: That's right.
>>NOORY: What determines
that shuffle of the cards?
>>CANNON: Previous lives,
what you brought in with you.
>>NOORY: That can affect that?
>>CANNON: It can affect that.
And then, what you do with them.
So if you come into this life
into an unfortunate family,
or live an early life that's
particularly hard or difficult,
you're born into--
I don't know--
Afghanistan, Sudan,
you understand starvation.
You understand deprivation.
>>NOORY: Are you put into
certain regions of the planet
because of things like that?
>>CANNON: I think we
choose at some point
before we come to
this life, where
we're going to go because of
the lesson we need to learn.
And if we don't learn
it, we come back again.
>>NOORY: Did I pick my parents?
>>CANNON: Yes.
Oh, yes.
>>NOORY: Well, I did a
great job doing that.
>>CANNON: Well done.
>>NOORY: They're
wonderful people.
>>CANNON: [LAUGHING]
That's great.
No, we pick our parents.
We pick our parents so
we can learn from them
and grow from that.
Even if they're
unfortunate parents,
then we learn to
not be a victim.
>>NOORY: In your view of karma,
are there victims, pro and con?
>>CANNON: I'm not
sure what that means.
People come in with
really bad karma.
But what they do with
it is up to them.
>>NOORY: And what is bad karma?
>>CANNON: Bad karma is if you
come in to a life where you
have a situation
of deprivation--
either emotional or physical--
where you are starving,
or you're beaten,
or you're born into a family
of addicts, or you are
disregarded like
you don't matter.
So what you do with
that is up to you.
>>NOORY: Can you overcome that?
>>CANNON: Well, yes, because you
find yourself and you overcome
it, if you so choose.
So you can either become
a victim or a hero.
And I help people who
find themselves victimized
to find the hero in them.
Because everybody
has a hero in them.
So I help them find their
way through and make
life valuable and worthwhile.
>>NOORY: Is there a hell?
Is there a heaven?
>>CANNON: We make our
own heaven and hell.
I think our view of our
world decides whether we
have a heaven or hell.
There are people who are
faced with the same situation.
We'll make the best of it and
some people will sink into it.
In my book, I talk about
somebody walking through a park
and seeing a couple kissing
on the grass, and they say,
oh, get a room.
And somebody else
will walk past them
and say, oh, isn't that lovely?
>>NOORY: That's right.
It depends on, I
think, the embrace
and the way it's being done.
That has a lot to do with it.
>>CANNON: Oh, maybe, and
the perception, yeah--
yeah.
How we see our life
makes it heaven or hell.
>>NOORY: And you're
convinced that reincarnation
is the real deal?
>>CANNON: I am convinced.
>>NOORY: Just with
the past lives
you people have
regressed, right?
>>CANNON: I'm convinced.
There's been enough
research done.
As you know, I did--
>>NOORY: Extensive research.
>>CANNON: --with the CBC.
And they did extensive research.
And they took the
person back to the place
where they had
reincarnated from.
And they were deeply moved.
They recognized it.
>>NOORY: Why do we reincarnate?
What's the purpose?
>>CANNON: To learn, the
soul to grow, develop.
>>NOORY: To become
heavenly, basically?
>>CANNON: To move upward
toward the light, if you like.
As we encourage ourselves to
learn and grow from a soul
perspective, be kinder, be
more humane, spread more light,
develop more humanity--
and I use the word
humanity because I
can't think of another
word right now,
but it's to do with interacting
with nature as it is,
as we know it.
>>NOORY: See, I'm
convinced, Georgina,
that the mere fact that you and
I are talking about this right
now has elevated us to a
certain level, that we're
getting really close
to that perfection
or that heavenly existence.
The fact that you would
talk about reincarnation
and bring it up, I think that
elevates you, doesn't it?
As opposed to somebody
who has no idea
what we're talking about.
They've got more lives to go.
Am I right?
>>CANNON: Maybe.
I'm more inclined to
see myself as a teacher.
That's my thumbprint
from life between lives.
That's my soul thumbprint,
to be a teacher.
So when I talk about it, I'm
trying to enlighten others.
So is that what you're saying?
>>NOORY: Well, the
fact that we are--
>>CANNON: --even discussing it.
>>NOORY: --discussing it, means
we're at a higher level than
somebody who isn't.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: So if
reincarnation for me,
for example, may be one or
two more lives, so be it.
But for that person who
just doesn't get this,
they might have five or
six more to go, right?
>>CANNON: Yes, yes.
>>NOORY: Does everybody
eventually get
to that high level?
>>CANNON: One hopes.
I'm not God.
I don't know.
But one hopes that
that's the whole idea,
is to evolve to become more
of a light giver and carrier,
and to be able to move closer
to whatever we call God.
>>NOORY: The fact that
we are who we are today--
I want to use you
as an example--
tells me that either you've
had many lives because you're
at this higher
level now, or is it
conceivable that you
could be born into a life
and be so evolved
naturally that maybe you
haven't had a lot of
reincarnated lives,
but you start at a higher level.
Is that possible?
>>CANNON: Definitely possible.
There are people like
Gandhi, for instance.
>>NOORY: Right.
What we don't know is how
many lives he had to get
to the point here was at.
>>CANNON: That's true, we don't.
We don't, and we haven't asked.
We could do that.
Now, there's a thought.
>>NOORY: That is a thought.
>>CANNON: That will
be my next project.
>>NOORY: Or someone like him
could have evolved instantly--
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: --and been
at a high level.
That's possible too.
>>CANNON: See, part of me
believes I've been a walk-in.
So that's a whole different
level of walk-ins.
>>NOORY: What are walk-ins?
>>CANNON: Walk-ins
are old souls that
have a job to do, a purpose.
And for some reason, at that
time, they don't have a body.
So there's a soul contract
between that old soul
and a soul in a
current body that
has done what it's supposed
to do in this body,
and is ready to
make the exchange.
And the exchange is usually
done either with an accident--
where, like that, the soul
leaves and another one comes
in--
or through surgery, where
they think the person's dead,
then they come back again.
And that's where the
soul exchange happens.
And it's always interesting,
because it's a major life
change.
And people notice it.
They say, oh, Sam had a
terrible heart attack.
And when he recovered, my god,
he's like a different person--
totally different.
>>NOORY: Is a walk-in
like possession?
>>CANNON: No, because it
replaces, it doesn't add to.
>>NOORY: A demon,
or a possession--
>>CANNON: And I
do spirit release.
>>NOORY: When you do exorcisms,
that's in addition to.
>>CANNON: That's different.
>>NOORY: A walk-in
just replaces?
>>CANNON: Replaces.
An attachment literally attaches
to the aura or to the person
and sucks the energy from.
It's very different.
>>NOORY: And with a walk-in,
do they stay forever?
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: They don't
walk out again.
>>CANNON: No.
They're not a temporary visitor.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
And this could
happen to anybody?
>>CANNON: Yes, yes.
>>NOORY: I mean,
wouldn't it be baffling
to have somebody who's
totally different than what
they were yesterday?
>>CANNON: Yes, it is baffling.
>>NOORY: Does that happen a lot?
>>CANNON: It happens--
I don't know because
there's no numbers on it.
But I've met a couple, and
I believe I am one too.
I was in the corporate
world for many years
and had a car accident.
And my life totally
changed after that.
I wasn't terribly hurt.
I just had a bit of a scar
up here, and was shaken up.
But my life and my perspective
changed drastically.
>>NOORY: Are you
glad who walked in?
>>CANNON: Yes, very.
I'm grateful.
>>NOORY: It's been amazing.
You've worked with
a lot of clients
on past life regressions over
at least a couple decades.
There was a special
produced, of course,
by the CBC in Canada about you.
>> What happens after we die?
Everyone wants to know.
Could we have been here before?
Will we be here again?
>> 7, 8, 9, 10.
>> Some people try to find
answers by undergoing a special
kind of hypnosis to look
for memories of past lives.
>> Just let it
unfold, like a movie.
Just tell me what
you see or perceive.
>> I'm in France.
>> In Scotland.
>> Like a gold rush
thing happening.
>> All you need to do is
call it up and imagine it.
>> Georgina Cannon is the
director of the Ontario
Hypnosis Center.
>> I guess I'm being sacrificed.
>> I'm male.
>> I would say, I'm the queen.
>> I feel white.
>>NOORY: Who were those people?
>>CANNON: I had no idea.
The CBC wanted to keep
it absolutely clean.
So they brought in 34
people I'd never met before,
and over three weeks,
I regressed them back.
And out of those
34, I think it was
10 or 12 had verifiable lives.
And out of those 10 or
12, they chose three
that made good television.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CANNON: I'd never
met them before.
They came from
all walks of life.
One woman even spoke
a foreign language
that she didn't
know in this life,
and I certainly didn't know.
She spoke Hindi.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>CANNON: Yeah, it
was quite something.
>>NOORY: What has been for you
when you've past life regressed
people, to be one of the most
astounding stories you've
come across of a life that
just boggled your mind?
>>CANNON: There
are two, actually.
One that they showed
on the CBC, where
she was a silk trader
going from China to India
into a tiny village.
And then, she eventually
ended up in a monastery.
And they took her to that
monastery in real life.
>>NOORY: --in the show.
>>CANNON: --in the show.
And the producer told
me-- they had a producer,
the camera person,
and the client--
went into the monastery.
And the elder in the
monastery came out and said,
welcome home, my child.
They recognized each other.
>>NOORY: That's funny.
>>CANNON: They both cried.
The elder in the
monastery had cried.
The other one was not
quite a past life,
but she came in asking if I
could help her with a memory.
She had found herself,
when she was 17,
about sitting on a bench
in a park in Toronto
without a name or any
knowing who she was.
>>NOORY: This had
happened to her?
>>CANNON: Just something
had happened to her.
She was bruised, and
scratched, and everything.
And a woman took her in
and they phoned the police.
They couldn't find
out who she was.
Cut of a very long story
short, she was now 60-some odd,
married-- happily married--
and her husband was
the only one that
knew that she didn't
have an identity.
She was going into
surgery, and she
wanted to find out if she
could find out who she was.
>>NOORY: Even at the age
of 60, she still really
didn't know who she was?
>>CANNON: They
contacted Interpol.
They couldn't do
a computer search,
because they didn't have
anything to look for.
>>NOORY: And she had no--
>>CANNON: Nothing.
>>NOORY: --memory to go from.
>>CANNON: So she couldn't travel
because she had no papers.
>>NOORY: Who was she?
All right.
>>CANNON: That's it.
So I took her back.
I said, we're going to
do something different.
I took her into the womb and
beyond the womb of her mother.
>>NOORY: Going back?
>>CANNON: Going
back beyond the womb
to the time she made a
decision to come into the womb.
And when she got into the womb,
she said, I know who I am.
I know who I am.
And she'd got the
name of her father.
And she got the name of a couple
of her sisters, I think it was.
And she woke herself up--
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>CANNON: --ran out
of the clinic room
and said, John, John,
John, John, John!
I've got a name.
>>NOORY: I'm so-and-so.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
So they ran off, literally.
And a week later, I got
an email from her saying,
I thought you'd like
to see this, Georgina.
We went online with a name.
And there was an
email that said,
I think you're the sister
we've been looking for years.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>CANNON: So it totally
changed her life.
>>NOORY: Did she explain what
happened to her, how she merely
forgot who she was
and disappeared?
>>CANNON: She said that
she also found out that she
couldn't have children.
She'd had a hysterectomy at 17.
So they had come from a
very dysfunctional family
of addicts, and put
out to foster parents.
And they all split up.
And they didn't know
where each other was.
>>NOORY: And she
had no recollection?
>>CANNON: No recollection.
And when she finally
met her and her sister,
they looked like bookends.
It was very, very cute.
She wouldn't tell me too
much, said it was too painful.
She just wanted to live
in the now and the future.
>>NOORY: Yeah, she didn't want
to go back, even though she
remembered everything.
>>CANNON: She didn't.
And so the family filled her in.
So now, she's got
this whole new family.
And every time she
travels anywhere,
she sends me an email.
>>NOORY: And I'm sure they
showed her pictures of her
as a little girl, saying, there
you are, standing next to me.
>>CANNON: That's right.
>>NOORY: What a remark--
there was some kind of
trauma, I would guess,
that forced her to forget
everything in her childhood.
And she's sitting there
bruised up on that park bench.
>>CANNON: And she'd come
from North Carolina.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CANNON: So ended
up in Toronto.
>>NOORY: What a great story.
But that would be frustrating
to not know your background.
>>CANNON: It would
be frightening.
It would be frightening
to know who you are.
And her husband just adored her.
I mean, they were very, very
close together as a couple.
>>NOORY: Does everybody have
the ability to be regressed?
>>CANNON: If want to
be, if they allow.
>>NOORY: So they
fight it sometimes?
>>CANNON: They're frightened.
Or they feel they're
going to lose control.
>>NOORY: Why are they
afraid of who they were?
>>CANNON: Some people
are frightened.
They say, supposing, I was a
guard in a concentration camp.
That would be terrible.
Or supposing I was a
slave driver, you know.
I was one of those people
that imported slaves.
I wouldn't want to know that.
And I said yes,
but that was then.
You now here in this
life have an opportunity
to make up for that.
>>NOORY: We all think
we have past lives.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: But is it
conceivable we don't, somebody
doesn't have one?
>>CANNON: Is it conceivable?
I think what is conceivable
is that they don't have
a past life on this planet.
They might have a past
life on other planets, so
other dimensions.
Because there are dimensions
as well as other planets.
So what we call a past
life is really soul journey
from one life to another
on this planet in life
as we know it here.
>>NOORY: So you think here would
be very rare if somebody didn't
have a direct past life at all.
>>CANNON: Yes, it would be rare.
It would be rare.
>>NOORY: Georgina, there's
a case of a woman who
had some kind of trauma.
She went to sleep.
She woke up and she's speaking
in a British accent all
of a sudden.
She never had that before.
I mean, doctors diagnosed
her of having some kind
of foreign tongue syndrome.
But how bizarre is that?
>>CANNON: It's very bizarre.
All I can think of,
she might have heard it
at some point in her life and
it went into a subconscious.
And she-- because of the
accident-- recalled it.
I have no idea
what that could be.
>>NOORY: Let's
take a little look.
>>MICHELLE MEYERS: September
17, 2011 was the first time.
And I was like,
oh, OK, something's
really wrong with me,
is all I'm thinking.
>> OK, imagine going to sleep
American and waking up British.
Happened to a valley woman who's
never even left the country.
>> This is crazy.
Only ABC15's Jason
Valentine sat down
with her tonight to explain
this really bizarre and rare
medical reality.
>>MEYERS: Everyone
only sees Mary Poppins.
Oh, here is Mary Poppins.
>>JASON VALENTINE: Not a British
nanny, this former Texas beauty
queen has never left the USA.
>>MEYERS: Who would
do this for attention?
I don't know.
>>VALENTINE: Three times,
Michelle Meyers has gone
to sleep with
blinding headaches,
waking up with
different accents--
Irish, Australian, and British--
for the past couple of years.
>>MEYERS: They send in a
psychiatrist at the hospital.
They make sure
you're not a loon.
>>VALENTINE: Not
crazy, not faking it,
she was diagnosed with
foreign accent syndrome--
a rare condition that
usually accompanies
a stroke, neurological damage,
or underlying health issue.
>>MEYERS: When I
was a little girl,
I used to always go to my
mom and say, my bones hurt.
>>VALENTINE: The stack
of medical papers
says Michelle also has
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome.
It causes bruising
and painful joints.
And best her doctors can
tell, it turned her British.
Looking back at how she
used to be is difficult.
>>MEYERS: Today, I
want to encourage you.
>>VALENTINE: So what do you
think when you hear that?
>>MEYERS: I'm sad.
>>VALENTINE: It makes you sad.
Why does it make you sad?
>>MEYERS: I guess you
still have in your head.
I feel like a different person.
The person I am now has
been through so much
compared to this person here.
>>VALENTINE: But her
outlook is sunny--
>>MEYERS: (SINGING)
Waiting on a miracle.
>>VALENTINE: --always
surrounded by her seven kids
and their music--
[MUSIC PLAYING]
--but wondering if the
sound of her voice--
>>MEYERS: Why am I
talking like this?
>>VALENTINE: --will
ever change again.
Well, Michelle says
despite her happy outlook,
she's actually in a lot of pain
from her underlying medical
issues.
She just wants to
be taken seriously.
She knows how this
sounds to some people.
But she says she wants to
motivate anybody else out
there and remove that stigma
if they are dealing with this,
after they see her.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, we've heard
of this before,
where they speak an
entire different language.
>>VALENTINE: Yeah.
I read a little bit about this.
And just from what I
could find, there's
a past ABC report that
said this is a very rare,
but about 100 people
ever diagnosed.
>>NOORY: Clearly, she's
speaking in a foreign tongue.
>>CANNON: Well, British
is a foreign tongue.
>>NOORY: No doubt.
I mean what would
happen if I started
breaking into a different
accent all of a sudden?
Would you think there's
something wrong with me?
>>CANNON: No, I wouldn't
there was something wrong.
I think there was
something interesting.
And I'd going to
find out what it was.
I might put you into
hypnosis and say, OK,
let's go back to that time.
>>NOORY: How important is
knowing your past lives,
if you seem to have it
all together in this life?
No problems, let's say.
>>CANNON: Yeah, important, or--
>>NOORY: --necessary?
>>CANNON: I think anytime you
want to live your best life,
you want to know as much
as you can about yourself--
the good, the bad, the ugly--
so that you're
comfortable in your skin
and you can withstand anything.
The more you know about
yourself, the more you
understand yourself and
your motivation, the richer
your life is.
So why wouldn't
you want to know?
>>NOORY: How quickly do
you think someone regresses
into their next life?
Example, I pass away
20 years from now.
How soon do I go into
another body as another soul
after that?
>>CANNON: It depends on how much
healing your soul needs to do.
I also do inter-life regression.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>CANNON: Oh, that's glorious.
Really, that's the time
that the soul goes home.
That's life between lives.
You know when you
walk into a graveyard
and you see that
gravestone, and it says,
Jimmy Brown, 1912 to 1947--
the dash in between--
the life between lives
is the dash in between.
And you go home, you go
into your soul circle.
You meet your guides.
You go to the Akashic records.
You meet the council.
That's where you
choose your next life,
because you understand
your sole purpose,
and which body you're
going to come into.
It's extraordinary time.
People weep because
it's so awe-inspiring.
>>NOORY: Dr. Michael
Newton talks exactly
about life between lives.
>>CANNON: I studied under him.
>>NOORY: Let's look.
>>MICHAEL NEWTON: There are a
number of past life therapists
out there that don't
have a clue about life
between lives therapy.
They think it's a grayish
limbo that has no significance.
So in any case, we then do
what I call the crossing.
We cross from a death experience
into the spirit world,
into the afterlife.
And it's an interesting and
exciting time for the client.
Because it's at this point, they
begin to really see their soul.
Now, what happens then is a very
kind of consistent reporting
of either friends or relatives
coming to greet them,
or their spirit
guides-- usually both.
>>NOORY: Fascinating--
>>CANNON: He was wonderful.
>>NOORY: --this gap in between.
>>CANNON: Yeah, I took his
last course that he taught.
And he was a fantastic teacher.
Interesting, though, he didn't
believe in spirits or ghosts.
>>NOORY: Really?
But he believes in
life after death?
>>CANNON: Yes, yes, inter-life.
>>NOORY: How could you not
believe in spirits and ghosts?
>>CANNON: I don't know.
>>NOORY: It's a facet of that.
>>CANNON: One would think.
One would think.
But he was a researcher.
And he documented everything.
He was a brilliant teacher.
Yeah, that's why I
learned from him.
>>NOORY: Past life regression.
Time permitting, I'm
going to have you give me
a chance to past life myself.
>>CANNON: --past life yourself.
[CHUCKLING]
>>NOORY: But do you
also go into the future?
>>CANNON: No, I
don't like doing--
>>NOORY: Dr. Bruce
Goldberg does that.
>>CANNON: I know.
I don't like doing it.
And I would argue with him about
that because I believe that
every second, we have choice.
And you can't know which
choice you're going to make.
>>NOORY: Is my life
rubber-stamped already?
>>CANNON: No, you
have free choice.
>>NOORY: You do?
>>CANNON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I decided what
I wanted to do in my life
and how I'm going to live it.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's not determined.
>>CANNON: It's not determined.
The experiences around
you might be determined.
You might be living in tumult,
in a place that's full of war.
But how you live your
life within that tumult
is totally self-determined.
>>NOORY: Why is there so
much hatred on this planet?
>>CANNON: Oh, fear.
>>NOORY: When you think
that these people should
be evolving and becoming more
heavenly, it's not happening.
>>CANNON: No, it's
fear, and its territory.
And I hate to say
it, but it's male.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>CANNON: Yeah.
Testosterone.
>>NOORY: More so than female?
>>CANNON: I think so.
I think so.
>>NOORY: Then we should have
all females running government.
>>CANNON: We will.
>>NOORY: Things would be better.
>>CANNON: We're going to.
>>NOORY: Would females
take us into war?
>>CANNON: I don't think so.
I could be wrong.
I don't think so.
>>NOORY: I'm trying to think of
female leaders that we've had.
>>CANNON: Because females care
more about their children.
They care more about family.
They care more about life
than they do territory.
>>NOORY: It's an interesting
thing you bring up.
It's a very strange paradox.
>>CANNON: Yeah, I didn't want
to sound sort of-- you know--
>>NOORY: No, I know.
>>CANNON: But I really think
that women care more about war
as the reason you send
your children off to kill
and be killed That's
not inbred that way.
>>NOORY: Tell me about "The
Third Circle Protocol",
that new book.
>>CANNON: "The Third Circle"
is about relationships,
the unspoken
contract that we all
have first with ourselves,
and then with each other.
You and I have a contract.
You have expectations of me,
I have expectations of you.
And that's not
spoken, generally,
between lovers, employees
and employers, teenagers.
Teenagers love this
protocol, by the way,
because it gives
them power to develop
a contract with their parents.
>>NOORY: Are teenagers even
developing relationships
anymore?
>>CANNON: Well, they have one
whether they like it or not
with their parents.
>>NOORY: Yeah, that's true.
>>CANNON: So it's based on what
you absolutely need in every
relationship--
what do you want--
and what are you
prepared to give.
What are your values?
What are your priorities?
So really understand them.
And it gets back
to the core of what
we were talking about before, of
totally understanding yourself.
When you really
understand yourself
and what your motivation
is, then you're
prepared to have a
relationship with your best
self with other people.
>>NOORY: Does it make
you a better person?
>>CANNON: Yes.
Yes, it absolutely does.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
An interview with Gaia's
"Open Minds", an expert
talked about the
possibility of decoding
through numerology
contacts with other lives.
>> Now, what happens
when you have people--
I mean, we've all been through
probably, most of these phases,
where you just fall just
obsessively madly in love.
But it's really not--
I mean, it's only
there to teach you,
not necessarily
there to please you.
Can you talk about what is
kind of the dynamics of that?
>> Yeah, I call these kind of
cauldron-type relationships,
where it's like we
can't help ourselves.
We get pulled in usually
by one or two karmic--
or also Goloks, for example--
if I had a talent--
8, which is about grounding--
and you had a goal 8,
we'd be drawn together
to help ground you.
And the more locks you
have in the overlay charts,
the tighter the energy is.
And it's very hard to
escape, because you're just
magnetically bolted
to each other.
And so what happens
then is that you're
doing what I call a karma.
And part of us feels--
I know this is not good for me.
In fact, what am I doing here?
And I've had clients say to
me, I walked down the aisle.
I knew I shouldn't
be doing this,
but I couldn't help myself.
>> I've done that.
[CHUCKLING]
>> It's like, what happened?
And then, 5, 10 years
later, two kids.
I can't do this anymore.
It's killing me.
But I've grown enormously
in the process.
>> Exactly.
Exactly.
>> So this is what creates it.
And it's all
pre-plannedness It's
a pre-contractual,
pre-birth arrangement.
And there's actually often
nothing you can do about it.
>>NOORY: Well, I don't
know if I agree with that.
>>CANNON: I don't agree with it.
>>NOORY: What's he saying, that
go with your gut instinct only?
Or what?
>>CANNON: Well, what I heard
was that it's all pre-planned.
>>NOORY: Already
charted out for you.
>>CANNON: And You
have no choice.
And I absolutely
don't agree with that.
>>NOORY: Oh, I think we
have free choice, too.
I think we have the ability
to control our own destiny.
Cards may be dealt
to us, but you
have to shuffle them
a different way.
>>CANNON: Absolutely.
And you have to make use of
what you know about yourself
to really live your life in the
best way you can for yourself,
and for humanity, I believe.
Kindness is a tenet.
>>NOORY: Why don't we teach
relationships, reincarnation,
and things like that in schools?
These are subjects
that are taboo.
Why?
>>CANNON: They've
started a little bit.
Some schools are
teaching meditation
to kids, even little kids.
>>NOORY: That's important.
>>CANNON: And
that's the beginning
of teaching them
self-awareness, of teaching them
to be their best self, and
calming themselves and using
their aptitudes in
a way that's best
for them and for each other.
That's an awareness.
And I think that's a beginning.
And hopefully, it will grow.
>>NOORY: There is a yoga
school near my studio
in Los Angeles that started
up in business about
seven months ago.
And I can tell by
the parking lot
that it's growing
by leaps and bounds,
because more and more people
are beginning to experience
meditation through yoga.
And it's absolutely
huge right now.
It's starting to
catch on, isn't it?
>>CANNON: It is, it is.
It's starting to catch on.
I just wish they would teach
hypnosis, self-hypnosis
through all schools
so that all kids could
learn to have self-esteem,
self value, and focus.
>>NOORY: Would you call
this self-hypnosis?
You're driving your car.
And you get from
point A to point
B, which may be 25
minutes, and you
have no idea how you got there.
>>CANNON: That's right.
>>NOORY: You just
go, whoa, whoa.
Now, you're in full
control of your car.
If some car had pulled
out in front of you,
I'm sure you'd brake
and everything else.
But you do not recall how
you got from point A to B.
You have this gap in this
whole driving distance.
What is that called?
>>CANNON: It's called
hypnosis, life trance.
We live in life
trance all the time.
Adam Crabtree wrote a
book called "Trance Zero",
in which he says, we
all live in trance.
And it's our job as
clinical hypnotists
to change one
trance for another.
90% of what we do
every day, George, is
what we did yesterday--
90%.
And for those of us
who are creative,
we think, oh, that's
a little unfortunate.
I thought we were more
creative than that.
But in truth, 90% is automatic.
If it's automatic, it comes
from the subconscious.
If it comes from the
subconscious, it's trance.
It's habit, it's pattern.
>>NOORY: What amount of people
want hypnosis and come to you,
but what's the reason
they come to you?
What's that catalyst
that gets them to say,
I've got to get hypnotized?
>>CANNON: Usually, they come
because they say, I'm stuck.
I can't seem to move forward.
>>NOORY: --want to stop
smoking or stop drinking?
>>CANNON: Not anymore.
Smoking has slowed down.
Less people are smoking.
Stress is a big one.
But they come and
they say, I'm stuck.
I'm stuck in life.
I can't seem to get
satisfaction out
of anything-- my relationships,
my job, anything.
I need clarity.
>>NOORY: What will hypnosis do?
>>CANNON: Usually, find out
the reason why they're stuck.
Because we do regression back.
I ask them what major
emotions they carry.
How much anger do they carry.
How much fear, how much low
self-esteem, how much anxiety.
And I measure it so that
they can see the difference.
And then, we work on that.
And they find that
they loosen up.
Because if they're
operating life
through what I call
a dirty window,
if they're operating life
through anger, or sadness,
or grief, or low self-esteem,
then they can't move forward.
My goal is to help people find
their magnificence, that's
my goal.
And I use hypnosis to
help them get there.
>>NOORY: I've always been told
that you cannot force someone
to do something they don't
want to do under hypnosis.
Is that true?
>>CANNON: Yes, absolutely.
>>NOORY: Then where do we get
these Manchurian Candidates,
or so-called rumors
of these people
who have been mind
washed to do things
beyond what they want to do?
>>CANNON: It's usually chemical.
>>NOORY: They induce
them with chemicals?
>>CANNON: Yeah, usually.
>>NOORY: But they can do this.
>>CANNON: Through chemicals.
>>NOORY: Through chemicals.
So if Sirhan Sirhan--
the apparent assassin
of Robert F Kennedy--
claims that he can't
remember what he did,
yet he was clearly there and may
have been the only assassin--
but there may have been
others, it's possible--
but the fact that he
can't recollect it
and he's telling the
truth tells you what?
>>CANNON: It tells me that his
neuroplasticity was shut down
somehow.
His neural pathways
were shut down.
>>NOORY: Somebody could
have done that to him.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Wow.
That's kind of scary.
>>CANNON: Oh, it's scary if
you allow yourself to go there.
That's why I believe
that everyone
should be taking charge
of their own brainwaves
in their own brain.
>>NOORY: All right, speaking
of your own brain waves,
let's take a few moments and
have you try to hypnotize me.
There's no specific reason.
I don't necessarily want--
or, do you want to
past life regress me?
What do you prefer?
>>CANNON: First of
all, I think it's
important to understand that
all hypnosis is self-hypnosis.
So you have to allow it
and to want it to happen.
If you're agreeable to that,
then we'll see where we go.
>>NOORY: Yeah, of course I am.
>>CANNON: OK.
>>NOORY: Just don't reveal
anything I don't want revealed.
>>CANNON: What don't
you want revealed?
>>NOORY: I can't tell you.
>>CANNON: What would you
rather I didn't know about you?
>>NOORY: I don't know.
[LAUGHING]
Have at it.
>>CANNON: All right, you ready?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>CANNON: OK.
So why don't you
take a deep breath?
Relax back into your chair.
>>NOORY: This was
unplanned, folks.
This was unplanned.
>>CANNON: Relax back
into your chair.
Take a deep breath,
and close your eyes.
And know that at any time, you
can move your legs if you wish.
You can move your arms.
You're in total control.
You are in total control.
That's right.
And just begin to
follow your breathing
and notice the coolness
of the in-breath,
and the warmth of
the out breath.
>>NOORY: I have this need
to want to open my eyes.
>>CANNON: That's
a need to control.
You can do that, if you wish.
Open your eyes and
look down at your lap.
>>NOORY: Can I still
be hypnotized this way?
>>CANNON: You can be.
You're hypnotized--
remember, we talked about--
90% of the time.
So look down to your
lap with your eyes
open, should you so choose.
And follow your breathing.
>>NOORY: Am I hypnotized yet?
>>CANNON: Not yet.
>>NOORY: How will
you know that I am?
>>CANNON: Because your
eyelids will flutter.
Your breathing will change.
Your skin tone will change.
>>NOORY: I did it.
[LAUGHING]
I'm still fighting it, aren't I?
>>CANNON: You are fighting it.
It's very difficult
to allow yourself
to be vulnerable in front of
camera, takes a lot of courage.
And not everybody can do it.
If you feel you
can, let it happen.
If you can't that's OK too.
>>NOORY: I think--
I think I can.
I'm sure there are many
people watching us right now
that want me to go under.
>>CANNON: Do whatever
you need to do
to allow yourself to relax.
Let your arms and hands
become loose and heavy.
And just feel your back
fitting into the chair.
>>NOORY: And this technique
is what you do to people?
>>CANNON: It's what I do
to people for the past 20
some-odd years.
And you may notice that every
third out breath, automatically
and easily allows you to
relax down twice as soon.
>>NOORY: I feel pretty relaxed.
I still feel in control.
>>CANNON: You're
always in control.
>>NOORY: I will, so I'll be
aware of what's happening?
>>CANNON: Always.
>>NOORY: I could be hypnotized
now and talk to you like this.
>>CANNON: You could.
But normally, a
client will only talk
when I ask them a question.
>>NOORY: This is the
first interview I've
done without having to talk.
>>CANNON: And many times
thoughts drift through.
Just let them go.
Just don't attach to them.
Just allow them
to drift through.
Let your shoulders drop.
Let your whole face and
shoulders become relaxed.
Just allowing it to happen.
If you need to move your
legs or feet, that's OK too.
Feel as though your arms are
getting heavy, loose, limp.
Every third out breath takes
you down twice as deeply,
automatically.
>>NOORY: This could
put you to sleep.
>>CANNON: Easily.
It's a good idea, have
a good night's sleep.
>>NOORY: Are you going
to ask me things?
Or do I just blurt them out?
>>CANNON: I'm going
to ask you things.
I wonder if you can
imagine a line that
stretches from your past, to
your present, to your future.
This could be in front
of you, or behind you,
and in front of you.
And right where we are
today on that line,
put a big flag that says, today.
Can you imagine that?
>>NOORY: Mm-hmm.
>>CANNON: Good.
Now, I wonder if you can lift
yourself up above that line,
as if you're on the back of
a magic bird or a carpet.
And drift back, and back,
and back, and back, and back.
And come on down on that line.
And find yourself in
the womb of your mother.
Just imagine, it's
a dark, warm place
with the sound of the heartbeat.
>>NOORY: I'm sucking my thumb.
>>CANNON: You can feel the
rhythm of the heart around you,
gentle movements and sounds,
the rhythm of the heartbeat
all around you.
And I wonder if you can feel
any emotion while you're
in the womb from your mother.
>>NOORY: I hear voices.
>>CANNON: Good.
Good.
>>NOORY: I hear voices of her
talking to, I guess, my father.
>>CANNON: OK.
And how do you
feel in this place?
>>NOORY: I'm getting anxious
to see who's talking.
>>CANNON: OK, so feel
yourself now going and growing
towards birthing.
And you come into the
world a brand new baby
filled with joy and curiosity,
which is your birthright.
>>NOORY: The doctor is saying,
look how much hair he has.
>>CANNON: Can you hear
your mother's voice?
>>NOORY: No, no, not yet.
>>CANNON: OK.
>>NOORY: But they're
all in this room.
There's commotion.
>>CANNON: OK.
How does that feel for
you coming into the world?
>>NOORY: It's cold.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
>>CANNON: Move yourself
along from that moment,
along the line to about the
age of 2, a little toddler.
Cute little boy, very
curious, very bright.
Everything's new
for the first time.
So much fun, 2 years old.
>>NOORY: I don't have a
care in the world, nothing.
>>CANNON: What do you feel?
>>NOORY: Fun.
>>CANNON: Fun.
good.
Can you hear laughing?
Do you smell or feel?
>>NOORY: I'm just
enjoying things.
>>CANNON: Enjoying things, OK.
So move along the timeline
now towards the age of four.
No longer a toddler, but
a little boy, a very cute
little kid, beginning to develop
a personality, 4 years old.
>>NOORY: I'm sitting
down with crayons,
and I'm just sketching things.
>>CANNON: Anybody with you?
>>NOORY: I think my father's
sitting across the table.
And I'm making animal pictures.
>>CANNON: What
colors are you using?
>>NOORY: Orange--
>>CANNON: Orange.
>>NOORY: --and red.
>>CANNON: What are the animals?
>>NOORY: Dogs.
>>CANNON: Dogs, cool.
>>NOORY: 4 years old, I think.
>>CANNON: Yeah, OK.
And let's move forward now along
the timeline, two the age of 6.
And maybe you're at school,
knew people in your life--
friends, teachers, expectations
differently, 6 years old.
Tell me where you
are at 6 years old.
>>NOORY: I'm lost.
I can't find my way home
from school, and I'm crying.
And so some kid who said that
he lives next to me said,
I know where you live.
And so he's bringing me home.
>>CANNON: What are
you wearing, George?
>>NOORY: Just a t-shirt
and corduroys, blue.
>>CANNON: Are you
carrying anything?
>>NOORY: No.
But he found my street,
which was really only two
blocks from the school.
And my mother apologizing,
because she was late to come
get me.
>>CANNON: And what did
she do when she saw you?
>>NOORY: Oh, a big hug.
I was crying.
>>CANNON: Yeah, yeah.
>>NOORY: Because
I was lost, maybe
crying because I
found my way home.
>>CANNON: And how does it
feel to be lost like that?
>>NOORY: That was scary.
>>CANNON: Yeah, yeah.
>>NOORY: But I was
only two blocks away.
I really wasn't lost.
>>CANNON: Does that happen
anywhere else in your life,
where you're--
>>NOORY: No, and
I stayed friends
with the little kid
who found me for years.
>>CANNON: What's his name?
>>NOORY: Reggie.
>>CANNON: Reggie, yeah.
And Reggie lives next door?
>>NOORY: He did.
>>CANNON: He did, yeah.
>>NOORY: In Detroit.
Good kid.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
Let's move forward now
in time, to maybe age 12.
Coming forward, growing,
developing, 12 years old.
>>NOORY: Not much
recollection there.
>>CANNON: Well, just feel it.
Just go from 6.
>>NOORY: I just see myself
playing, and active,
and busy in sports,
but comfortable.
>>CANNON: Comfortable.
Is there any time where
there was a secret,
you did something
with some friends you
hoped no one would find out?
>>NOORY: Well, I was pretty
straight most of the time.
There was a time where the
neighborhood kids attacked me
with squirt guns and
I went home crying.
And my mom told me to
invite them all over.
And I said, why?
Look what they've done to me.
She said, just do it.
So I did.
I said, come back over.
And they all came.
And then, she came from behind
them with a bucket of water
and dumped it on all of them.
I'll never forget
that, nor will they.
They left me alone after that.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
That says a lot about your mom.
Tell me about your mom.
>>NOORY: Oh, great
lady, still alive.
>>CANNON: Yeah, OK.
>>NOORY: 88 years old.
Still very influential, caring,
listens to my radio show,
critiques it, wants the
books from the guests.
She'll probably want yours.
>>CANNON: So tell me,
George, when you feel
those feelings of
being in the womb
and you notice the
changes that you
were born with joy and
curiosity that you've
carried through your life, What
else did you learn as a child
that you can bring
with you into adulthood
that will benefit you?
>>NOORY: I learned
things about never giving
up, never stopping, trying
to help others as much
as you could.
Maybe that's why I do what I do.
>>CANNON: Well, thank
that part of you.
Thank that part of you for
healing others and helping
others.
And maybe that's part of the
DNA you got from your mother.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
So we need to honor that.
>>NOORY: It's a mission
that I'm obsessed with.
And I just keep going.
>>CANNON: So we
need to honor that.
Thank that part of us,
not take it for granted.
And when you're ready,
just bring yourself back
into full awareness.
5, 4, 3, 2, and 1.
>>NOORY: Peaceful,
very, very peaceful.
I didn't feel as if I
was on a different planet
or someplace else.
But it was somewhere.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
And that's very light trance,
because you were very aware.
And you talked about
the past, as opposed
to being in the present, except
when you were in the womb.
That was very different.
>>NOORY: Did I
really hear voices?
>>CANNON: Where
would it come from?
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>CANNON: So you're very
connected to your subconscious.
>>NOORY: So when you
past life people,
do you take them through
these kinds of symptoms?
And I assume for a past life,
you go even further back,
right?
>>CANNON: Oh, all
the way back, yes.
And the soul--
>>NOORY: You might have
been able to do that with me
at that point, today, right?
>>CANNON: Maybe.
I don't know.
One of the things
to make sure is
that they have permission from
the soul to take that journey.
Because sometimes, they don't
have permission from the soul.
There's something they need to
deal with in this life first.
>>NOORY: Should everyone
go through hypnosis,
or a past life, whether
they think anything's
wrong with them or not?
>>CANNON: Oh, I wouldn't
tell anybody what to do.
I mean, they have to want to.
>>NOORY: What do you recommend?
do you think they should?
>>CANNON: I recommend
that it gives you insight.
It gives you understanding about
your life, and who you are,
and why you react
the way you do.
>>NOORY: I think that
it's kind of cool
that I recollect hearing
voices when I was in the womb.
>>CANNON: Yes.
>>NOORY: And that is
probably medically very
conceivable, isn't it?
>>CANNON: So to speak, yeah.
>>NOORY: I mean, if they were
to play loud horrible music--
>>CANNON: --you
would have heard it.
>>NOORY: --I would
have heard that.
It would have been jarring.
>>CANNON: Yeah.
Interesting, a
couple of the people
who've come in for
hypnosis because they
have low self-esteem,
when I took them back
to the very beginning of that
feeling of low self-esteem,
at the moment they were born,
they heard their father say,
oh, not another girl.
So that was locked into them
as not being good enough.
>>NOORY: I wasn't accepted,
that kind of thing.
>>CANNON: Whatever I do,
I'll never be good enough.
>>NOORY: Where do you take
your career, Georgina?
What do you do next?
>>CANNON: Well, I'm
teaching at university now,
which I love to teach.
>>NOORY: What do you teach?
>>CANNON: I teach
hypnosis and NLP
at the University of Toronto.
I'm in the clinic still,
and I'm still writing books.
So I will keep
doing what I'm doing
as long as I can stand up.
>>NOORY: Have you
ever past lived
someone who lived such a
horrendous life, it even scared
you?
>>CANNON: Not that scared me,
but it brought me to tears.
I had to remove myself
so I wasn't crying,
getting in the way.
They lived a series
of terrible lives
of victimhood or perpetrators.
>>NOORY: And did you
make them feel better?
>>CANNON: Well, the
thing is, the soul
heals along the process.
So they come into
that, then they're
drained when they come back.
And then they realize--
for instance, the one
person I remember,
he's working with
people who have AIDS
on the streets of New York.
So that's what he's doing
in this life to make up.
And he didn't even
know why he's doing it.
>>NOORY: But it's there.
>>CANNON: It's there.
>>NOORY: Right.
Thanks for being on the program.
>>CANNON: Oh,
you're very welcome.
It's been a pleasure.
>>NOORY: "The Third
Circle Protocol"
is Georgina Cannon's
latest book.
And it's well worth reading.
And some of the things that
she's talked about today
are well worth practicing,
meditating and trying
to find your inner self.
I'm George Noory, thanks for
watching "Beyond Belief".
[MUSIC PLAYING]